docs: mention matchFileNames regex support (#36337)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

}
```

If you wish to limit Renovate to apply configuration rules to certain files in the root repository directory, you have to use `matchFileNames` with a `minimatch` glob (which can include an exact file name match) or RE2 regex.

> For more details on supported syntax see Renovate's [string pattern matching documentation](https://docs.renovatebot.com/string-pattern-matching/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on supported syntax see Renovate's [string pattern matching documentation](./string-pattern-matching.md).
```

### matchFileNames

> Renovate will compare `matchFileNames` glob or RE2 regex matching against the dependency's package file and also lock file if one exists. A regex pattern must be wrapped in `/`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Renovate will compare `matchFileNames` glob or RE2 regex matching against the dependency's package file and also lock file if one exists.
```

Link to the glob or regex docs instead of providing an incomplete description

Reviewer: This link: https://docs.renovatebot.com/string-pattern-matching/

> Renovate will compare `matchFileNames` glob or [regex pattern matching](https://docs.renovatebot.com/string-pattern-matching) against the dependency's package file and also lock file if one exists.

Author: Good suggestion. The base diff was outdated, so I couldn't apply your suggestion directly, but I've committed it here along with similar changes to the other section: https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/pull/36337/commits/d7e0fa4be7012de44efe75df46cddc20491af6fc

### matchFileNames

Renovate will compare `matchFileNames` glob or RE2 regex matching against the dependency's package file and also lock file if one exists.

> For more details on supported syntax see Renovate's [string pattern matching documentation](https://docs.renovatebot.com/string-pattern-matching/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on supported syntax see Renovate's [string pattern matching documentation](./string-pattern-matching.md).
```
